---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudtamerio_azure_arm_template Resource - terraform-provider-cloudtamerio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Resource `cloudtamerio_azure_arm_template`





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **deployment_mode** (Number) ID of the deployment mode for the ARM template:

- **name** (String) Name of the ARM template.
- **resource_group_name** (String) Name of the resource group where the ARM template's resources will be deployed.
- **resource_group_region_id** (Number) ID of region where ARM template should be deployed (as defined in the application).
- **template** (String) Contents of the template to be deployed.

### Optional

- **description** (String) Description for the ARM template.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **owner_user_groups** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--owner_user_groups)) List of user group IDs who will own the ARM template. Is required if no owner user IDs are listed.
- **owner_users** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--owner_users)) List of user IDs who will own the ARM template. Is required if no owner group IDs are listed.
- **template_parameters** (String) Parameters to fill for the template. Should be the contents of the "properties" attribute on the traditional payload.

### Read-only

- **ct_managed** (Boolean) True if the ARM template comes packaged with cloudtamer.io.
- **version** (Number) The version of the ARM template in cloudtamer.io.

<a id="nestedblock--owner_user_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner_user_groups`

Optional:

- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--owner_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner_users`

Optional:

- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.


