---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudtamerio_compliance_check Resource - terraform-provider-cloudtamerio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Resource `cloudtamerio_compliance_check`





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **cloud_provider_id** (Number) ID of the Cloud Provider for the Compliance Check.

    1 - AWS.

    2 - Microsoft.

- **compliance_check_type_id** (Number) The type of Compliance Check.

    1 - External. These checks are not triggered by cloudtamer.io, but rather can display findings from checks run outside of cloudtamer.io.

    2 - Cloud Custodian. These checks are run by cloudtamer.io using Cloud Custodian.

    3 - Azure Policy. These checks are scraped from Azure's policy reporting engine and apply Azure Policies to accounts.

- **created_by_user_id** (Number) The user who created the Compliance Check.
- **name** (String) Name of the Compliance Check.

### Optional

- **azure_policy_id** (Number) The ID of the Azure Policy that this compliance check represents. Only present for Azure Policy compliance checks.
- **body** (String) Body of the Compliance Check defining what actions will be run.
- **description** (String) Description for the Compliance Check.
- **frequency_minutes** (Number) How often the check will be run, based on the specified frequency type below.
- **frequency_type_id** (Number) The duration type of the frequency_minutes field.

    1 - seconds

    2 - minutes

    3 - hours

    4 - days

    5 - weeks

    6 - months

    7 - years

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **is_all_regions** (Boolean) Determines if the check should be applied to all regions enabled in the application.
- **is_auto_archived** (Boolean) Whether existing findings should be archived before new findings are reported.
- **owner_user_groups** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--owner_user_groups)) List of user group IDs who will own the Compliance Check. Is required if no owner user IDs are listed.
- **owner_users** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--owner_users)) List of user IDs who will own the Compliance Check. Is required if no owner group IDs are listed.
- **regions** (List of String) List of the AWS regions where the compliance check applies.
- **severity_type_id** (Number) The severity level of the compliance check.

    1 - Informational.

    2 - Low.

    3 - Medium (Default).

    4 - High.

### Read-only

- **created_at** (String) Date when the Compliance Check was added to the application.
- **ct_managed** (Boolean) Whether or not this compliance check is managed by cloudtamer.io.
- **last_scan_id** (Number) ID of the latest scan.

<a id="nestedblock--owner_user_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner_user_groups`

Optional:

- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--owner_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner_users`

Optional:

- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.


