---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudtamerio_project Resource - terraform-provider-cloudtamerio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Resource `cloudtamerio_project`





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Name of the Project.
- **ou_id** (Number) ID of the OU containing the project.
- **permission_scheme_id** (Number) ID of the permission scheme applied to the project.
- **project_funding** (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project_funding)) A list of funding sources used by the project.

### Optional

- **auto_pay** (Boolean) True if the application can use the spend plan to process payments from the account.
- **default_aws_region** (String) Default AWS region that will be used when federating into the project's accounts.
- **description** (String) Description for the project.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **owner_user_group_ids** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--owner_user_group_ids)) List of user group IDs who will own the project. Is required if no owner user IDs are listed.
- **owner_user_ids** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--owner_user_ids)) List of user IDs who will own the project. Is required if no owner group IDs are listed.

### Read-only

- **archived** (Boolean) True if the project is archived, false if the project is active.

<a id="nestedblock--project_funding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_funding`

Optional:

- **amount** (Number) Amount of funding from the funding source.
- **end_datecode** (String) The month this funding source stops being usable - this is exclusive of the date returned (YYYY-MM).
- **funding_order** (Number) The priority of this funding for the project. Funding with order 1 will be drawn from first, then 2, 3, etc.
- **funding_source_id** (Number) ID of the funding source the money is coming from.
- **start_datecode** (String) The month this funding source starts being usable (YYYY-MM).


<a id="nestedblock--owner_user_group_ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner_user_group_ids`

Optional:

- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--owner_user_ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner_user_ids`

Optional:

- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.


