---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudtamerio_project_cloud_access_role Resource - terraform-provider-cloudtamerio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Resource `cloudtamerio_project_cloud_access_role`





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **aws_iam_role_name** (String) AWS IAM role name corresponding to the cloud access role.
- **name** (String) Name of the cloud access role in the application.
- **project_id** (Number) ID of the project where the cloud access role is attached.

### Optional

- **accounts** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--accounts)) IDs of accounts on a project that will be accessible via this cloud access role.
- **apply_to_all_accounts** (Boolean) If apply all accounts is true, this cloud access role will be applied to all accounts under the project.
- **aws_iam_path** (String) Text of the IAM Path in AWS to be stored in AWS.
- **aws_iam_permissions_boundary** (Number) ID of the AWS IAM policy to be used as a permissions boundary for this role.
- **aws_iam_policies** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws_iam_policies)) IDs of the AWS IAM policies attached to this role.
- **azure_role_definitions** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--azure_role_definitions)) IDs of the Azure Role Definitions attached to this role.
- **future_accounts** (Boolean) If future accounts is true, this cloud access role will be added to any account that is added to this project.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **long_term_access_keys** (Boolean) If long term key access is true, users of this cloud access role can generate aws long-term access keys.
- **short_term_access_keys** (Boolean) If short term key access is true, users of this cloud access role can generate short-term access keys.
- **user_groups** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_groups)) IDs of the user groups allowed to use this role to access the AWS console.
- **users** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--users)) IDs of the users allowed to use this role to access the AWS console.
- **web_access** (Boolean) If web access is true, users of this cloud access role can log into the console. ill default to false if not set.

<a id="nestedblock--accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `accounts`

Optional:

- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--aws_iam_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_iam_policies`

Optional:

- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--azure_role_definitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_role_definitions`

Optional:

- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--user_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_groups`

Optional:

- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Optional:

- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.


